i'm thinking that maybe instead of the big long list of briefs like we have in the policylab2025 folder website (now also live at 2025.policylabmv.com) made up from the folders in @working folder chapters/ , maybe an approach i can take is more focused specific thematic areas that can have dynamic pages of their own with our work on that area put together. so for one, urbanism. ive put related files in the @urbanism/ folder. one mostly made oen is even right now in the @urbanism/male bus routes/ folder 

what i want is a dynamic and stylish homepage that feels like an inspiring collection of urbanist ideas where people can click on to learn more about them, not the whole text all in one go. a bit dynamic, visualization centric, flowing

overall making cohesive urbanism centric arguments pulling together all of these aspects. routes stopping by Olympus for local cinema and movies, by sports complexes, by shopping districts and so on in Majeedhee Magu makes the culture of the city much more lively and vibrant by making those central areas accessible to everyone in Hulhumale easily and cheaply too, people in Male get to visit Hulhumale with its beaches and open spaces and parks cheaply, the overall principles of how if Male' City is a city then it shouldnt retain the old pre-bridge ferry era mindset of an inter-city bus rather than an actual city bus where currently people going from Male' to Hulhumale have to actually take a taxi or a motorcycle from their bus stop to wherever they're going in Male or vice versa for people in Male' going to Hulhumale, which essentially makes travel inaccessible or makes just taking the motorcycle or a taxi directly the much more obvious and straightforward option when the price of a within-region taxi and Hulhumale-Male cross taxi is MVR 30 vs MVR 45, MVR 30 plus a bus ticket for much more hassle and change and bus stop waits isnt good value and means people either just do the trip by motorcycle or taxi if they need to and just dont take trips they might have taken with less friction otherwise in both directions. Local businesses in either side being open to far more foot traffic if each side's people can come by bus. Already made arguments about the big difference between a bus stopping near your office doorstep or school gates vs having to walk several minutes in the sun so all the Hulhumale based employees of the main government complexes around Velaanaage arent going to be taking a 10 minute walk in the heat from Carnival bus stop to work but it would be a lot easier if they could just get on directly and go right to work. Same for people in Phase 2 or in Male going to Umar Zahir Building or Treetop for work, or people across Male generally being closer to bus stops to go to Hulhumale for work or for leisure or whatever regardless since they dont have to take a motorcycle and park it by Carnival bus stop and get on the bus or take a taxi there etc. Less costly, easier for young people. Less parking clutter in those areas, less vehicles and congestion on the roads, less pollution, around 16 people can be seated in a double decker bus within the same  square footage as a motorcycle with the space around it so 16 people using the bus instead of a motorcycle is 8-16 motorcycles space off the street. Overall there's a lot of strong arguments to be made. Changing the overall culture to make using the bus much more normal, that the mini buses within Male' like Orchid route and Ameenee route are much less used and would require additional transfers vs someone in Hulhumale being able to just get on the bus and relax or read or work for their whole commute up to their destination. Generally, a strong urbanism case for it both at the top and then explain the specifics under each of the 5 bus route changes we're proposing

btw one detail i forgot is that for the majeedhee magu one i didnt put every single stop because i used the bus stops already in place for the minibus route, same for ameenee magu, and in those i more broadly covered the overall activities focus (shopping, sports, cinema, etc) than every single one. but since majeedhee magu is the main central road and close to everything, the same points about the hulhumale bus being able to take employees to businesses' doorsteps also now applies to everyone with a job in or near majeedhee magu, the way the carnival route extension does for a lot of government workers

please apply and internalize the @avoid-ai-style.skill and @intentional-writing.skill skills. particularly the one about intentionality. everything in there about intentionality, thinking about the intended purpose and intended message we're trying to communicate and intended image/feeling we want to present and who the audience is and so on, also applies to design choices. what will they think of it and how do we come across? if a reader thinks i slapped something on on a basic template for example, they would think less of me than if the design seems to be coherent and cohesive with the information and overall story and message. 

you can make and use a scratchpad.md file or txt file in the root folder to keep your own notes and reminders and so on in a more persistent way, to jot down things you learn, and so on

the @urbanism/core merch design.png is actually also a pretty useful guiding concept for this urbanism part.

IMPORTANT: for this, we want to work STRICTLY within the urbanism folder only!! we dont want to touch any of the working chapters or website design we made before 